My whole life boiled down to a sheet of B4 paper
Hoping someone will accept me, I smile
A twisted problem that defies calculation
And I can't go out and play till it's solved
Others are so far ahead, I'm left behind
Just longing for what's beyond these tracks
Oh well
I don't know what I want to do
I don't know what I can do
Repeating this over and over
I've dragged myself this far
I don't know about tomorrow
I can't change yesterday
Just let me have today
My life hinges on a few lines of "good luck"
I walk around handing it out in pieces, pushing it on people
No one expects much of me, and neither do I
What will we look like after we're all worn down?
What did I get for all this?
What did I lose in all this?
Looking for an answer
I've made it this far gritting my teeth
The world may end tomorrow
I may forget about yesterday
Just let me have today
Others are so far ahead, I'm left behind
"Where did I get tripped up?"
"Hey, what was I doing?"
No one expects much of me, I expect nothing
We're worn down, but we're still breathing
But I don't know what I want to do
I don't know what I can do
Repeating this over and over
I've dragged myself this far
I don't know about tomorrow
I can't change yesterday
Just let us have today, this moment